[CLI] Account docs (#288)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/cast/account/create.md

# `create`

> Create all data required for account deployment.

Reviewer: This is fine actually, but I wonder if it wouldn't be better if we phrase it like:

`Prepare all prerequisites for account deployment.`

what do you think?

> Account information will be saved inside `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json` or in the file
> specified with `--accounts-file` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account information will be saved to the file specified by `--accounts-file` argument, by default `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json`.
```

or something similar?

> ## Required common arguments - passed by value or specified in Scarb.toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required common arguments - passed by CLI or specified in Scarb.toml
```

* [`network`](../common.md#--network--n-network_name)
* [`url`](../common.md#--url--u-rpc_url)

## `--name, -n <ACCOUNT_NAME>`
Required.

Account name under which account information is going to be saved.

## `--salt, -s <SALT>`
Optional.

> Salt for the account address. If omitted random one will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salt for the account address. If omitted random one will be generated.
```

## `--add-profile, -a`
Optional.

> If passed, a profile with corresponding data will be created in Scarb.toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If passed, a profile with corresponding data will be added in Scarb.toml
```

Reviewer: btw, will that include rpc url? Should it?

Author: Yes it would and I think it also should

Reviewer: I see. technically, the same account would be available through any rpc url as long as it's deployed right? But I guess it maybe makes sense to add this url as well, since users probab;y won't switch between urls that much

Author: Yup, you're right
